[ UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYS ]
[ LAWNMOWER WHIRRING ]
>> AH, PERFECT.
>> MEH-MEH.
>> HMM?
>> IT'S JUST A LITTLE MISTAKE,
MARGARET.
EVERYONE MAKES MISTAKES.
Our marriage is a permanent
reminder of that.
THERE. NOW IT IS TRULY PERFECT.
>> MEH-MEH.
>> HUH?!
D'AH!
NOW ALL THE OTHER GRASS IS TOO
LONG!
HOLD UP.
[ PLOINK! ]
[ GROANS ]
>> MEH-MEH.
>> IT'S NOT MY FAULT THAT I'M
NOT A BALD, PURPLE,
THUMB-SHAPED -- SORRY, WHAT DOES
"MEH-MEH" MEAN AGAIN?
>> MEH-MEH.
>> ...I AM NOT A BALD, PURPLE,
THUMB-SHAPED MEAT BAG WITH AN
EGGPLANT NOSE, AND I REFUSE
TO MOW THIS LAWN AGAIN!
[ CRASH! ]
>> Both: WE'LL DO IT!
>> NO, I'M HAVING A NICE
RELAXING MORNING WITH MY WIFE,
AND I DON'T --
[ WHIR! ]
>> Gumball: YOU GOT SOMETHING IN
YOUR TEETH.
[ CLONG! ]
>> MEH-MEH.
>> HUH?
>> Gumball: DON'T WORRY.
I'VE GOT THIS.
[ PLOINK! CRASH! ]
OH.
>> WHY, YOU GOSH DARN PAIR OF
LITTLE --
[ POOF! ]
UH...
I THINK I NEED TO LIE DOWN --
ON MY FACE.
[ SPLAT! ]
[ SIREN WAILS ]
>> MADAM, YOUR HUSBAND'S ANGER
LEVELS HAVE CAUSED HIM TO LOSE A
LOT OF STUFFING.
HE'S GONNA NEED A TRANSFUSION.
DOES HE HAVE ANY DIRECT FAMILY
MEMBER WE COULD ASK?
>> [ MUTTERING ]
>> MM-HMM. YEP.
HMM.
RIGHT. WELL, THAT MADE NO SENSE.
DOES ANYONE HERE TALK WITH
WORDS?
>> Darwin: YOU COULD ASK HIS
SON, ROCKY.
HE'S THE JANITOR AT OUR SCHOOL.
>> [ GASPS ]
I WANT NOTHING FROM THAT LOSER!
HE'S AN EMBARRASSMENT TO THE
ROBINSON NAME!
I'D RATHER GET STUFFING FROM A
TURKEY!
AAAAH!
>> [ Sadly ] MEH-MEH!
>> Gumball: DON'T WORRY,
MRS. ROBINSON.
WE'LL GET ROCKY AND SAVE YOUR
HUSBAND!
>> MEH?
>> Gumball: [ CLICKS TONGUE ]
NICE.
[ SCHOOL BELL RINGS ]
>> Darwin: WHAT'S THE BEST WAY
TO BREAK BAD NEWS TO SOMEONE?
>> Gumball: OH, I KNOW -- WITH A
SONG.
♪ HEY, ROCKY, WE GOT SOME AWFUL
NEWS ♪
♪ YOUR DAD IS SICK 'CAUSE WE
MADE HIM BLOW A FUSE ♪
YEAH!
YOU GOT A BETTER IDEA?
>> Darwin: NO, I GOT A MUCH
BETTER IDEA.
WE JUST NEED TO SWEETEN THE NEWS
A LITTLE BIT.
>> AH! BROWNIE! SWEET!
AH! MM-MMM!
[ MOANS ]
[ GAGGING ]
[ BOTH GASP ]
[ BABBLING ]
[ RETCHES ]
AW, MAN, THIS IS PRETTY HARD TO
DIGEST.
>> Gumball: TOO MUCH BUTTER?
>> I MEANT THE NEWS ABOUT MY
DAD.
>> Gumball: YOU HAVE TO GO TO
THE HOSPITAL, MAN.
HE NEEDS YOU.
>> I DON'T KNOW.
I'VE ALWAYS BEEN SUCH A
DISAPPOINTMENT TO HIM.
>> Darwin: HAS HE EVER ACTUALLY
SAID THAT TO YOU?
>> MORE TIMES THAN I CAN COUNT
ON MY HANDS.
[ HUMMING ]
SO AT LEAST FIVE.
HE THINKS I'M AN IMMATURE
DEADBEAT WHO NEVER LEFT SCHOOL,
REFUSES TO GET A DECENT JOB, AND
DRESSES LIKE A CANADIAN.
>> Darwin: WELL, ARE YOU?
>> TOTALLY.
>> Gumball: WELL, WE'VE GOT SOME
NEWS FOR YOU -- YOU'RE GONNA MAN
UP, WEAR A SUIT AND TIE, AND GET
AN OFFICE JOB.
>> AN OFFICE JOB?!
[ BABBLING ]
>> Gumball: EH, AT LEAST YOU GET
A BROWNIE.
[ WHOOSH! PLOP! ]
"OFFICE JOBS."
>> Darwin: ALL THE OPTIONS SAY
"WORK AT CHANAX."
>> CHANAX?!
THEY'RE THE WORST CORPORATION ON
EARTH!
THEY POLLUTE, THEY CUT DOWN THE
RAINFORESTS, THEIR BOSS INVENTED
BOY BANDS -- THEY'RE PURE EVIL!
>> Gumball: THEY ALSO INVENTED
CHEESE PUFFS.
>> MM. NECESSARY EVIL, I GUESS.
>> Darwin: CHANAX IT IS, THEN.
>> Gumball: LET'S START WITH
YOUR RéSUMé.
WHAT DO YOU DO AT WORK?
>> I WORK REAL HARD...
to do as little as possible.
>> Gumball: RIGHT.
I'M GONNA WRITE THAT YOU'RE
GOAL-ORIENTED.
OKAY, WHAT ELSE?
>> TO BE HONEST, I JUST LIE DOWN
A LOT.
>> Gumball: "LATERAL PROBLEM
SOLVER."
>> AH!
I CAN WHISTLE WITH MY BUTT.
[ GRUNTS ]
[ WHISTLING NATIONAL ANTHEM ]
>> Gumball: [ GASPS ]
"HAS A VALID DRIVER'S LICENSE."
>> Darwin: NOW WE'LL JUST NEED A
PHOTO OF YOU IN A SHARP SUIT AND
TIE.
>> I DON'T HAVE A SUIT.
>> Darwin: DON'T WORRY.
WE'VE GOT IT COVERED.
[ CLICK! WHIR! ]
PERFECT!
>> I'M SO UNCOMFORTABLE IN THIS
MONKEY SUIT.
>> Gumball: DUDE, IT'S SPRAYED
ONTO YOUR BIRTHDAY SUIT.
>> [ GROANS ]
>> Darwin: IS THAT GONNA BE A
PROBLEM?
>> Gumball: NAH, AN OFFICE JOB
IS LIKE A MULLET -- WORK AT THE
FRONT, PARTY AT THE BACK.
>> [ WHIMPERING ]
>> Gumball: DUDE, CHILL OUT!
HERE, TAKE THIS.
I'LL DEAL WITH THE ANSWERS.
ALL YOU HAVE TO DO DURING THE
INTERVIEW IS MOVE YOUR MOUTH
WHEN YOU HEAR MY VOICE.
>> ROCKWELL ROBINSON, WE'RE
READY FOR YOU NOW.
[ CLONK! ]
>> ARE YOU SURE ABOUT THE SHOES?
>> Darwin: YEAH, MAN.
THE HEIGHT MAKES YOU LOOK
POWERFUL.
>> Gumball: GO MAKE YOUR DAD
PROUD!
>> AAH!
[ CLOCK TICKING ]
>> WELL, MR. ROBINSON, YOUR
RéSUMé IS THREE SENTENCES LONG,
AND EVERY LETTER IS IN A
DIFFERENT COLOR.
PERHAPS YOU MIGHT LIKE TO ADD
SOMETHING?
>> Darwin: I'VE GOT EXCELLENT
COMMUNICATION SKILLS!
>> CLEARLY.
DO YOU SPEAK ANY OTHER
LANGUAGES?
>> Darwin: ARIGATO!
COMUNICACIóN SKILLS!
EXCELENTE!
[  SPEAKS FOREIGN LANGUAGE]
>> NOW I FEEL OBLIGED TO ASK,
HOW DO YOU RATE YOUR
COMMUNICATION SKILLS?
>> [ BREATHES DEEPLY ]
>> Gumball: DUDE, THE BATTERIES
ARE DEAD!
GIVE ME THE NEW ONES!
>> Darwin: I CAN'T OPEN THE --
[ PLOINK! ]
>> Gumball: ROCKY, TRY TO STALL
HIM!
[ BOTH GRUNTING ]
>> [ WHISTLING NATIONAL ANTHEM ]
[ WHAP! WHAP! WHAM! ]
>> WELL, I THINK YOU'LL FIT
RIGHT IN.
>> SERIOUSLY?
>> YES, YOU'RE JUST THE KIND OF
EMPLOYEE MR. CHANAX IS LOOKING
FOR -- YOUNG, FRESH, AND
GULLIBLE.
HERE'S YOUR CONTRACT.
[ FOOSH! ]
>> UH, IT SAYS HERE THAT I'M
SIGNING AWAY MY HOPES AND
DREAMS?
>> OH, THAT'S JUST PAPER.
[ BOTH LAUGH EVILLY ]
[  DEMONIC LAUGHTER]
>> WHO WAS THAT?
>> HA HA.
JUST MY STOMACH GRUMBLING.
>> [ Demonic voice ] SIGN IT,
YOU FOOL!
>> AAH!
[ PLOP! ]
>> BREATHE OUT.
>> WHAT?
>> HA HA! IT'S JUST A FORMALITY.
>> [ BREATHES DEEPLY ]
[ FOOSH! ]
OH.
AAH!
[ FOOSH! ]
>> WELCOME TO CHANAX,
AAH!
MR. ROBINSON.
>> WELCOME TO CHANAX,
[ SIREN WAILS ]
MR. ROBINSON.
>> [ GROANING ]
[ SIREN WAILS ]
[ Weakly ] DOCTOR, I CAN'T
>> [ GROANING ]
BREATHE.
[ Weakly ] DOCTOR, I CAN'T
[ Normal voice ] WHAT ARE YOU
BREATHE.
DOING HERE?!
[ Normal voice ] WHAT ARE YOU
MARGARET, GET THEM OFF OF ME!
DOING HERE?!
MARGARET?
MARGARET, GET THEM OFF OF ME!
[ CONGA MUSIC PLAYING,
MARGARET?
VOCALIZING ]
[ CONGA MUSIC PLAYING,
>> Gumball: WE CAME TO SAY THAT
VOCALIZING ]
ROCKY CAN HELP YOU WITH YOUR
>> Gumball: WE CAME TO SAY THAT
TRANSFUSION.
ROCKY CAN HELP YOU WITH YOUR
>> I DON'T WANT TO SEE THAT
TRANSFUSION.
LOSER.
>> I DON'T WANT TO SEE THAT
>> Gumball: BUT HE'S GOT A
LOSER.
SERIOUS JOB NOW WITH A SUIT AND
>> Gumball: BUT HE'S GOT A
TIE.
SERIOUS JOB NOW WITH A SUIT AND
THEY EVEN CALL HIM MR. ROBINSON.
TIE.
>> REALLY?
THEY EVEN CALL HIM MR. ROBINSON.
HOW'S HE DOING?
>> REALLY?
>> Gumball: OVERWORKED,
HOW'S HE DOING?
UNDERPAID, DOWNTRODDEN -- KIND
>> Gumball: OVERWORKED,
OF SOULLESS, ACTUALLY.
UNDERPAID, DOWNTRODDEN -- KIND
>> AH, MY ROCKY FINALLY BECAME A
OF SOULLESS, ACTUALLY.
MAN.
>> AH, MY ROCKY FINALLY BECAME A
[ GRUNTS LOUDLY ]
MAN.
>> Darwin: MR. ROBINSON!
[ GRUNTS LOUDLY ]
WHAT'S WRONG?!
>> Darwin: MR. ROBINSON!
>> I WAS TRYING TO SHED A TEAR
WHAT'S WRONG?!
OF HAPPINESS, BUT I THINK MY
>> I WAS TRYING TO SHED A TEAR
HEART'S TOO DRY.
OF HAPPINESS, BUT I THINK MY
>> Gumball: BUT THE ONLY PROBLEM
HEART'S TOO DRY.
IS, HE'S SO BUSY NOW THAT HE
>> Gumball: BUT THE ONLY PROBLEM
CAN'T COME RIGHT AWAY.
IS, HE'S SO BUSY NOW THAT HE
>> Darwin: BUT DON'T WORRY.
CAN'T COME RIGHT AWAY.
WE'LL TAKE CARE OF YOU UNTIL HE
>> Darwin: BUT DON'T WORRY.
ARRIVES -- DAY AND NIGHT!
WE'LL TAKE CARE OF YOU UNTIL HE
>> [ GRUNTING LOUDLY ]
ARRIVES -- DAY AND NIGHT!
>> Gumball: WHAT'S WRONG?!
>> [ GRUNTING LOUDLY ]
>> [ CONTINUES GRUNTING ]
>> Gumball: WHAT'S WRONG?!
[ POOF! ]
>> [ CONTINUES GRUNTING ]
>> Gumball: AAH!
[ POOF! ]
WE NEED TO CALL THE DOCTOR!
>> Gumball: AAH!
>> Darwin: WHICH ONE IS IT?!
WE NEED TO CALL THE DOCTOR!
>> Gumball: I DON'T KNOW!
>> Darwin: WHICH ONE IS IT?!
TRY THEM ALL!
>> Gumball: I DON'T KNOW!
>> [ GRUNTING ]
TRY THEM ALL!
[ SIGHS ]
>> [ GRUNTING ]
>> WHAT HAS HAPPENED TO THIS
[ SIGHS ]
MAN?!
>> WHAT HAS HAPPENED TO THIS
HE LOOKS LIKE AN EMPTY SAUSAGE!
MAN?!
HE NEEDS A STUFFING TRANSFUSION,
HE LOOKS LIKE AN EMPTY SAUSAGE!
STAT!
HE NEEDS A STUFFING TRANSFUSION,
>> Gumball: ROCKY, QUICK!
STAT!
YOUR DAD NEEDS A STATTING
>> Gumball: ROCKY, QUICK!
STAFUSION TRAT!
YOUR DAD NEEDS A STATTING
>> OH, HE CAN'T LEAVE.
STAFUSION TRAT!
HE SIGNED THE CONTRACT.
>> OH, HE CAN'T LEAVE.
MR. CHANAX OWNS HIS SPIRIT NOW.
HE SIGNED THE CONTRACT.
>> Gumball: COME ON, MAN.
MR. CHANAX OWNS HIS SPIRIT NOW.
IT'S JUST A JOB.
>> Gumball: COME ON, MAN.
>> KID, THEY KEPT ME HERE 47
IT'S JUST A JOB.
YEARS STRAIGHT.
>> KID, THEY KEPT ME HERE 47
I MISSED MY OWN WEDDING, MY KIDS
YEARS STRAIGHT.
GROWING UP, EVEN MY OWN
I MISSED MY OWN WEDDING, MY KIDS
RETIREMENT.
GROWING UP, EVEN MY OWN
>> Gumball: ROCKY, WE HELPED YOU
RETIREMENT.
FIND THIS JOB -- NOW WE'RE GONNA
>> Gumball: ROCKY, WE HELPED YOU
HELP YOU LOSE IT.
FIND THIS JOB -- NOW WE'RE GONNA
>> NAH, YOU CAN'T GET FIRED.
HELP YOU LOSE IT.
IT'S TOO MUCH PAPERWORK.
>> NAH, YOU CAN'T GET FIRED.
>> Gumball: WELL, THIS IS WHAT I
IT'S TOO MUCH PAPERWORK.
THINK OF YOUR PAPERWORK!
>> Gumball: WELL, THIS IS WHAT I
[ GRUNTING ]
[ SIGHS ] THANKS.
COME ON, ROCKY!
WE'RE GETTING YOUR SPIRIT BACK!
>> [ GROANING, WHEEZING ]
[ Weakly ] ROCKY.
>> Darwin: HOW ARE WE GONNA GET
HIS SPIRIT BACK?
>> Gumball: WE NEED TO GET TO
THE BOSS'S OFFICE AND GET HIM
OUT OF HIS CONTRACT!
>> [ MOANS ]
>> Gumball: ALL WE HAVE TO DO IS
GO THROUGH THE ACCOUNTING
DEPARTMENT, THEN THE ARCHIVE
DEPARTMENT, THEN THE SECRETARY'S
DESK, THEN WE --
>>   What about your Christmas
bonus?
What about your...
What about a raise?
>> [ Monotone ] YEAH, WHAT ABOUT
A RAISE?
>> Darwin: WE NEED TO RUN!
THIS PLACE IS EVIL!
[ HORROR MUSIC PLAYS ]
>>   WHAT ABOUT A PROMOTION?
>> Gumball: [ Echoing ] NO!
[ WIND BLOWING ]
>> Darwin: WHOA.
>> Gumball: Shh!
One loud noise, and we'll All
end up under an avalanche of
paperwork.
>> [ GROANING ]
>> Gumball: Come on, man.
We're nearly there.
>> SO WARM.
IT'S LIKE IT'S JUST BEEN
XEROXED.
>> Gumball: Rocky, no!
Darwin, help!
>> Darwin: It's okay.
I got his other hand.
>> Gumball: Wait. What?
>> Darwin: [ GASPS ]
>> Gumball: No, don't!
>> Darwin: [ SCREAMS ]
[ RUMBLING ]
[ ALL SCREAMING ]
>> Gumball: [ GASPS ]
[ TYPEWRITER CLACKING ]
[ CRASH! ]
[ SIGHS, SPITS ]
>> [ Sweetly ] GOOD AFTERNOON.
DO YOU HAVE AN APPOINTMENT?
>> Gumball: NO. BUT WE CAN WAIT.
>> OH, I'M AFRAID THAT'S GONNA
HAVE TO WAIT UNTIL AFTER LUNCH.
[ Demonically ] MY LUNCH!
[ ALL SCREAMING ]
>> Gumball: MAYBE WE'LL COME
BACK ANOTHER DAY.
>> [ ROARS ]
[ THUD! ]
[ WHINES ]
>> Gumball: [ INHALES DEEPLY ]
FEELS LIKE I SHOULD SAY
SOMETHING CLEVER, BUT I GOT
NOTHING.
[ ELEVATOR MUSIC PLAYS ]
>> Darwin: LOOKS LIKE SHE FOUND
US A WINDOW.
>> Gumball: [ SIGHS ]
[ ELEVATOR BELL DINGS ]
>> YOU ARE THE FIRST PEOPLE TO
EVER MAKE IT TO THIS OFFICE.
CONGRATULATIONS.
>> Gumball: WHERE'S MR. CHANAX?!
>>   LET THEM SEE ME.
>> YES, MASTER.
[ GRUNTING ]
>> I AM MR. CHANAX.
I BELIEVE THIS IS WHAT YOU CAME
FOR.
[ SNIFFS ]
MMM!
THAT'S RIGHT -- I FEED ON THE
SPIRITS OF MY EMPLOYEES.
KNEEL BEFORE YOUR MASTER!
[ LAUGHS EVILLY ]
THAT'S RIGHT.
DANCE, MY LITTLE PUPPET.
[ LAUGHS EVILLY ]
>> Gumball: ENOUGH! LET HIM GO!
>> OH, BUT I'M AFRAID NO ONE CAN
LEAVE.
NOT NOW YOU'VE DISCOVERED MY
SECRET!
[ SCREAMS ]
WHAT? WHY ISN'T THIS WORKING?
>> Gumball: BECAUSE YOUR POWER
ONLY WORKS ON PEOPLE WHO SIGNED
A CONTRACT.
>> Darwin: YEAH, THAT MEANS
NOTHING TO US, MAN.
>> Gumball: THIS CONTRACT IS
JUST LIKE YOU -- IT'S ONLY
PAPER!
>> PUT THAT DOWN, OR I'LL DRINK
HIS SPIRIT!
>> Gumball: THAT'S NOT HIS
SPIRIT, MAN.
IT'S JUST A JAR OF OLD BREATH.
>> NOOOOOOOOOOO!
>> [ GASPS ]
[ GRUNTS ]
[ TING! ]
[ ALL GASP ]
>> [ GASPS ] I'M FREE!
I'M FINALLY FREE!
>> [ GASPS ] WHAT HAPPENED?
>> Darwin: NO TIME TO EXPLAIN!
WE'RE GOING TO THE HOSPITAL!
[ ELEVATOR BELL DINGS ]
[ FOOSH! ]
>> DEAR EMPLOYEES...
AFTER 400 YEARS IN THE
BUSINESS, MR. CHANAX HAS
DECIDED TO PURSUE NEW GOALS AND
SPEND MORE TIME WITH HIS
FAMILY.
THE SHAREHOLDERS HAVE NAMED ME
AS HIS REPLACEMENT.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
[ Demonic voice ] NOW GET BACK
TO WORK, SLAVES!
[ ALL GROAN ]
>> [ GROANS ]
[ MONITOR BEEPING ]
>> IT'S A BRAVE BOY YOU GOT
THERE, MR. ROBINSON.
HE GAVE A LOT.
>> IT WAS NOTHING.
>> YOU MADE YOUR PARENTS PROUD,
SON.
ISN'T THAT RIGHT, MARGARET?
>> [ PANTING ]
MEH-MEH.
MNH-MNH.
>> OHH!
>> DAD, I LOVE YOU, BUT I CAN'T
BE LIKE YOU.
I'M SORRY, BUT I'M GOING BACK TO
MY OLD LIFE.
AAH!
I FORGOT THIS WAS SPRAYED ON.
>> IT'S OKAY, SON. I UNDERSTAND.
[ RAPID BEEPING ]
>> YOU DO?
>> YES.
>> Gumball: ARE...YOU SURE?
'CAUSE...
>> YES.
>> Gumball: ARE YOU REALLY SURE?
BECAUSE IT LOOKS LIKE YOU'RE
ABOUT TO --
>> Gumball: DUDE, I THINK THEY
PUT SO MANY ADDITIVES IN THIS
FOOD, THEY FORGOT TO ADD THE
ACTUAL FOOD.
>> Darwin: IT'S NOT SO BAD.
[ MUNCH! ]
DON'T YOU THINK I HAVE A HEALTHY
GLOW?
>> Gumball: AAH!
I THINK I'LL PASS.
[ PLOOP! HISS! ]
HMM.
[ OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYS ]
HMM? HMM?
HMM.
>> HMM.
>> Gumball: HMM!
>> HMM!
>> Gumball: [ ROARS ]
>> [ ROARS ]
[ BOTH SNARLING ]
>> Darwin: WHAT'S GOING ON HERE?
STOP IT!
YOU'RE GONNA GET WRINKLES!
>> [ ROARS ]
>> Gumball: [ ROARS ]
>> Darwin: GUYS!
HEY, GUYS!
ALL RIGHT, YOU ASKED FOR IT.
SAY HELLO TO DARKWIN!
>> Gumball: WHAT WAS THAT FOR?!
>> Darwin: TO STOP YOU GUYS
HATING ON EACH OTHER.
>> Gumball: LOOK, HE WAS THE ONE
GIVING ME THE STINK EYE!
>> WHAT?!
I WAS JUST TRYING TO READ THE
MENU.
>> Gumball: OH.
DUDE, I AM SO SORRY.
>> NO, NO. IT WAS MY FAULT.
I APOLOGIZE.
>> Darwin: GOOD.
NOW PLEASE SHAKE HANDS.
HOW ABOUT A LITTLE HUG?
LITTLE KISS?
>> Gumball: I THINK WE'RE GOOD.
>> Darwin: KISS!
>> [ SMOOCHES ]
[ SCHOOL BELL RINGS ]
>> HEY, GIRL.
[ WOLF-WHISTLES, CLICKS TONGUE ]
[ SMACKING LIPS, SMOOCHING ]
RAWR! PBHT!
AAH!
>> Gumball: DUDE, WHAT ARE YOU
DOING?
>> Things are getting pretty
serous between me and Carmen.
>> Gumball: YOU MEAN SHE FINALLY
DECIDED TO TAKE YOU TO COURT?
>> [ SCOFFS ]
SHE'S JUST JEALOUS BECAUSE
MASAMI'S CLEARLY INTO ME.
HEY, GIRL.
[ WOLF-WHISTLES ]
AAH!
[ CRYING ]
>> Gumball: DUDE, ARE YOU OKAY?
YOU SEEM TO BE CRYING.
>> WHO'S CRYING? I'M NOT CRYING!
YOU'RE THE ONE WHO CRIED!
>> Gumball: WHAT?
>> YOU'RE THE ONE WHO CRIED AT
LUNCHTIME WHEN A CERTAIN SOMEONE
SAID THEY'D USE THE FINGER-TOUCH
HEART-DISINTEGRATING MOVE
ON YOU!
[ SNIFFLES ]
AND YOU CRIED AND RAN AWAY
CRYING!
>> Gumball: HMM.
>> Darwin: HMM.
>> Gumball: YOU'RE JUST NODDING
WITHOUT KNOWING WHY, AREN'T YOU?
>> Darwin: MM-HMM.
>> Gumball: IT'S CLAYTON, DUDE!
HE'S BEEN LYING ABOUT US!
COME ON. LET'S GO SPEAK TO HIM.
>> Darwin: HMM.
>> Gumball: OKAY!
WE KNOW YOU LIED ABOUT A FIGHT
THAT DIDN'T HAPPEN, SO WE'RE
GONNA STOP YOU LYING FOR GOOD,
BUT I'M NOT GONNA LET YOU SPEAK,
BECAUSE IF I DO, YOU'LL JUST LIE
YOUR WAY OUT OF IT!
OKAY, LET'S GO.
>> Darwin: CLAYTON, YOU JUST
CAN'T KEEP LYING LIKE THIS.
IT'LL RUIN THE REST OF YOUR
LIFE.
>> Gumball: THINK ABOUT YOUR
FUTURE.
WHAT KIND OF A JOB DO YOU THINK
A LIAR GETS?
TELL HIM, DARWIN.
>> Darwin: YOU COULD BE AN ACTOR
OR A BANKER OR A LAWYER OR --
EVEN BETTER -- THE PRESIDENT!
>> Gumball: UH, YEAH. EXACTLY.
SO, UM, IT'S PRETTY BAD, OKAY?
AND ALSO, WHAT IS THIS
FINGER-TOUCH
HEART-DISINTEGRATING MOVE
NONSENSE?
>> WELL, IT'S TRUE.
I SAW IT ON TV.
>> Gumball: DUDE, WHAT KIND OF
WORLD DO YOU LIVE IN?
[ EPIC MUSIC PLAYS ]
SERIOUSLY?
THIS IS HOW YOU SEE YOURSELF,
AND THIS IS HOW YOU SEE US?
>> Darwin: DUDE, YOU'RE LIVING A
LIE!
>> Gumball: AND A WEIRD ONE,
TOO.
[ THUNDER CRASHES ]
ALL RIGHT, ENOUGH.
YOU NEED TO CONTROL YOURSELF,
MAN.
>> BUT HOW?
>> Darwin: WHY DON'T YOU JUST
TELL US WHAT YOU'RE DOING LATER?
>> WELL...AFTER SCHOOL, I'M
GONNA GO PIRATE HUNTING WITH THE
PRESIDENT OF THE SOLAR SYSTEM IN
AN UNDERWATER THEME PARK, AND
WE'RE GONNA --
>> Darwin: OKAY, OKAY.
LET'S TRY AND TAKE OUT HALF THE
THINGS THAT AREN'T TRUE.
>> OKAY, AFTER SCHOOL, I'M GOING
HUNTING IN A THEME PARK WITH THE
PRESIDENT.
>> Gumball: WOW.
EVEN YOUR HALF-TRUTHS ARE STILL
FULL OF ABSOLUTE BUNK.
OKAY, LET'S TRY AND FIND OUT
WHAT THAT ACTUALLY MEANS.
"HUNTING WITH THE PRESIDENT IN A
THEME PARK."
YOU'RE JUST GONNA GO SHOPPING
WITH YOUR DAD AT THE MALL,
AREN'T YOU?
YOU KNOW, I THINK YOUR PROBLEM
IS YOU DEFORM REALITY BECAUSE
YOU'RE BORED, AND THEN YOU
FORGET EXACTLY WHAT THE TRUTH
WAS.
AND YOU'RE DOING IT RIGHT NOW,
AREN'T YOU?
>> [ SQUEAKING ]
>> HEY, GIRL.
[ WOLF-WHISTLES, CLICKS TONGUE ]
[ SMACKING LIPS, SMOOCHING ]
RAWR! PBHT!
SHE'S LOVING IT.
>> REALLY?
SHE JUST THREW A GLASS OF WATER
AT YOUR FACE.
>> THAT'S BECAUSE SHE KNOWS HOW
HOT I AM.
[ CLICKING TONGUE ]
[ BREATHES DEEPLY ]
[ GROANS ]
>> Gumball: OKAY, CLAYTON,
LET'S TRY A LITTLE EXERCISE.
WE'RE GONNA GET ALL THE LIES OUT
OF YOU.
JUST GIVE IT ALL TO THE TRASH
CAN.
IT'S LIKE RALPHING.
YOU'LL FEEL BETTER ONCE YOU GET
IT ALL OUT OF YOUR SYSTEM.
>> I DON'T THINK THAT'S BIG
ENOUGH FOR ALL MY LIES.
>> Darwin: AND THERE'S HOLES IN
THAT BASKET.
IT'S GONNA LEAK EVERYWHERE.
>> Gumball: DUDE, IT'S
SYMBO-HOLIC.
>> Both: HUH?
>> Gumball: [ SIGHS ]
YOU PUT YOUR LIE IN THE BASKET,
OKAY?
AND IT MAKES YOU FEEL BETTER.
OKAY, WHATEVER. JUST GO FOR IT.
>> [ INHALES DEEPLY ]
MY DAD SPENT 30 YEARS IN JAIL
FOR A CRIME HE DIDN'T COMMIT!
NOW HE'S A SUPERHERO!
MY MOM'S AN FBI AGENT!
>> Gumball: I DON'T THINK YOU
UNDERSTOOD!
AAH!
>> I DIDN'T GO TO THE MOON ON
APOLLO 11 'CAUSE I HAD
CHICKENPOX THAT DAY!
[ SHOUTING INDISTINCTLY ]
>> Gumball: [ GRUNTING ]
>> I'M AN EXPERT IN KARATE, BUT
ONLY IN SPACE!
[ SHOUTING INDISTINCTLY ]
>> Gumball: WHOA!
AAH!
>> [ SHOUTING CONTINUES ]
I INVENTED GOLF, WATER, AND THE
HAMBURGER!
>> Gumball: [ SCREAMS ]
[ SIGHS LOUDLY ]
[ GRUNTS LOUDLY ]
>> Darwin: "SERVING AS A SYMBOL.
SIGNIFICANT PURELY IN TERMS OF
WHAT IS BEING REPRESENTED OR
IMPLIED."
OHH! YOU MEANT "SYMBOLIC"!
>> Gumball: YES!!
>> PSST!
>> Gumball: WHAT?
OKAY, CLAYTON, WE NEED TO GET TO
THE ROOT OF ALL THIS LYING.
>> Darwin: WHY DO YOU THINK YOU
DO THIS?
>> WELL, THE THING IS --
>> Gumball: SHH!
JUST TELL US IN YOUR OWN TIME.
>> WELL, I GUESS IT'S BECAUSE --
>> Gumball: SHH!
IT'S ALL RIGHT.
JUST SPEAK WHEN YOU FEEL THE
MOMENT IS RIGHT.
SHH! IT'S OKAY, DUDE.
WE'RE HERE FOR YOU.
>> [ INHALES DEEPLY ]
[ CRASH! ]
>> Darwin: OKAY, GO.
>> IT'S BECAUSE I'M A LOSER,
OKAY?
I DON'T LIKE THE REAL ME, SO I
LIE.
I PREFER TO LIVE IN A WORLD
WHERE -- WHERE EVERYONE LIKES ME
AND THINKS I'M AWESOME.
>> Gumball: BUT, DUDE, YOU DON'T
HAVE TO LIE TO MAKE PEOPLE LIKE
YOU.
>> Darwin: YEAH, YOU'VE GOT LOTS
OF AWESOME QUALITIES.
>> I DO? LIKE WHAT?
>> Darwin: OH HO!
TOO MANY TO LIST.
>> Try.
>> Gumball: UH, YOU'RE...
YOU'RE RED!
>> Darwin: YOU...HAVE TEETH.
>> Gumball: YOU...
ARE...
YOU?
AND THAT MAKES YOU SPECIAL.
>> YOU'RE RIGHT.
I GUESS JUST BEING SOMEONE IS
GOOD ENOUGH.
I DON'T NEED TO LIE ANYMORE.
THANKS, DUDES.
>> Gumball: DUDE, CHILL OUT.
NO NEED TO GET ALL EMOTIONAL.
HA! JUST KIDDING!
[ LAUGHTER ]
>> BOOP!
>> Gumball: BOOP!
[ LAUGHTER ]
>> BOOP!
>> Gumball: OKAY, THAT'S TOO
[ LAUGHTER ]
MUCH NOW.
>> Gumball: OKAY, THAT'S TOO
>> Darwin: SO, NOW YOU CAN GO
MUCH NOW.
TELL TOBIAS YOU LIED ABOUT THE
>> Darwin: SO, NOW YOU CAN GO
FIGHT.
TELL TOBIAS YOU LIED ABOUT THE
>> [ WOLF-WHISTLES,
FIGHT.
CLICKS TONGUE ]
>> [ WOLF-WHISTLES,
[ SMACKING LIPS, SMOOCHING ]
CLICKS TONGUE ]
>> OHH!
>> LOOK AT THAT, GUYS.
THEY'RE LITERALLY THROWING
THEMSELVES AT ME.
>> Gumball: DUDE, PLEASE STOP.
YOU'RE GIVING ME SECONDHAND
SHAME.
>> WELL, CLAYTON KNOWS WHAT
GIRLS ARE LIKE, DON'T YA, BUDDY?
He once dated sextuplets at the
same time.
>> Gumball: MM.
SOUNDS COMPLICATED AND
REPETITIVE -- AND A LIE!
ISN'T THAT RIGHT, CLAYTON?
>> YEAH, I'VE NEVER REALLY HAD A
GIRLFRIEND BECAUSE I'M SOCIALLY
AWKWARD.
ALSO, I HAVE GLANDULAR PROBLEMS.
MY LIVER STARTS TO SMELL WHEN I
GET TOO CLOSE TO A GIRL.
I-IT MAKES MY MOUTH SMELL OF
BURNT TIRES AND HUMUS.
>> Gumball: OKAY. GOOD HONESTY.
THAT'S A LITTLE TOO MUCH
INFORMATION, BUT GOOD
NONETHELESS.
>> ALSO, I'VE GOT A CONTAGIOUS
RASH ON --
>> Gumball: NO! WHOA, WHOA!
ALL RIGHT, I'D LIKE TO SLEEP
THIS MONTH, THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
>> WAIT -- WHAT ABOUT THE STORY
ABOUT YOU AND THE BEAR?
>> Darwin: LIES.
>> WHAT ABOUT THE TIME YOU DROVE
A SPEEDBOAT THROUGH THE MALL?
>> Gumball: LIES.
>> WHAT?
WHAT ABOUT THE FINGER-TOUCH
HEART-DISINTEGRATING MOVE?
>> Both: LIES.
>> OH, NO, ACTUALLY, THAT'S
TRUE.
>> Gumball: AW, MAN!
YOU WERE DOING GREAT, AND NOW
YOU BRING THAT STUFF BACK?
>> IT'S TRUE, THOUGH.
>> Darwin: WE ALL KNOW IT'S NOT.
>> IT IS!
>> Gumball: OH, REALLY?
THEN, PLEASE, BE OUR GUEST.
DO IT.
DO IT RIGHT HERE, RIGHT NOW, IN
FRONT OF ALL OF US.
DO YOUR "SPECIAL MOVE" ON
TOBIAS.
>> YEAH!
WAIT. WHAT? NO, NO.
>> Gumball: AW, DON'T WORRY.
YOU'LL BE FINE, BECAUSE THAT'S
ALL A LIE!
THIS GUY CAN'T DO KUNG FU!
HE'S IN A PERMANENT STATE OF
SITTING.
>> OH, YEAH?!
OKAY, YOU ASKED FOR THIS.
>> NO, I DIDN'T. HE DID.
>> [ INHALES DEEPLY ]
[ BREATHING RHYTHMICALLY ]
[ SQUISH! ]
[ SHOUTS ]
>> [ LAUGHS ]
>> Gumball: REALLY?
YOU MADE THE KUNG FU SOUND WITH
YOUR MOUTH?
>> Darwin: YOU WERE DOING SO
WELL.
>> [ SIGHS ]
>> OKAY, I'M GONNA BOUNCE.
I'VE GOT GALS IN DIFFERENT
LOCALES.
[ ALL GASP ]
[ ALL SCREAMING ]
>> Gumball: WAIT.
WE CAN'T LEAVE HIM LIKE THAT.
>> Darwin: WE GOT TO DO
SOMETHING!
>> LIKE WHAT?
>> Gumball: ANYTHING!
>> HOW ABOUT CPR?
>> Gumball: CPR?!
YOU DISINTEGRATED HIS HEART, YOU
NUT BAGGER!
LOOK AT HIM!
[ Voice breaking ] HE WAS A
YOUNG MAN WITH HIS WHOLE LIFE
AHEAD OF HIM.
THE GUY DIDN'T EVEN GET A CHANCE
TO HAVE A GIRLFRIEND.
>> [ Muffled ] HEY, GIRL.
[ WOLF-WHISTLES, CLICKS TONGUE ]
[ SMACKING LIPS, SMOOCHING ]
>> Darwin: HOW DOES THAT WORK?
IS IT LIKE WHEN CHICKENS LOSE
THEIR HEADS AND THEY CAN STILL
RUN AROUND?
>> Gumball: NO, DUDE.
IT MEANS HE'S ALIVE!
WHEW! HA HA! OH!
WE DIDN'T ICE HIM!
WE JUST KNOCKED HIM OUT!
WHICH IS STILL MEGA-BAD.
OKAY, OKAY, NO ONE CAN SEE THIS!
COME ON, WE GOT TO HIDE HIM
WHILE WE FIGURE OUT WHAT TO DO!
[ GRUNTING ]
[ GROANS ]
WHY ARE PEOPLE SO MUCH HEAVIER
WHEN THEY'RE UNCONSCIOUS?
>> Darwin: MAYBE IT'S 'CAUSE
YOU'RE STANDING ON HIS BACK.
>> Gumball: OH.
[ CHUCKLES ]
>> Darwin: JUST GRAB HIM BY THE
ARMPIT.
[ BOTH GRUNTING ]
>> Gumball: OHH!
I CAN SEE WHY THE GUY WEARS SO
MANY SWEATPANTS.
[ BOTH GRUNTING ]
>> Darwin: [ GROANS ]
>> Gumball: [ GRUNTS ]
[ GROANS ]
>> Darwin: OH.
I FOUND A GOOD HANDHOLD.
[ GRUNTING ]
>> Gumball: Come on!
Stop wasting time!
>> Darwin: [ GRUNTING ]
>> Gumball: OKAY, IF ANYONE SEES
US, WE'RE GONNA NEED A GOOD LIE
FROM YOU.
>> YOU SAID LYING WAS BAD.
>> Gumball: YES, I KNOW I DID.
BUT IN SPECIAL CIRCUMSTANCES,
WHEN YOU NEED TO HELP SOMEONE
YOU REALLY CARE ABOUT, IT'S
OKAY.
>> Like who?
>> Gumball: ME.
NOW COME ON!
>> [ WHISTLING ]
>> Gumball: [ GASPS ]
SOMEONE'S COMING!
QUICK! HIDE!
>> Darwin: WHAT CAN I DO?!
>> Gumball: THINK FAST!
>> [ WHISTLING ]
[ WHISTLING SLOWS, STOPS ]
HMM.
>> Darwin: [ WHIMPERING ]
>> "SIGN UP FOR HALL MONITOR
DUTIES."
[ LAUGHS ]
"DUTIES." [doodies]
>> Darwin: [ SIGHS DEEPLY ]
>> SO, WHAT'S THE PLAN, THEN?
>> Gumball: I DON'T KNOW!
I'M MAKING IT UP AS I GO ALONG.
WE NEED TO WORK OUT WHAT WE'RE
GONNA SAY IF --
>> Gumball: "HEY, WHAT'S UP,
GIRL?"
[ WOLF-WHISTLES, CLICKS TONGUE ]
[ SMACKING LIPS, SMOOCHING ]
"PBHT!"
"AND HE WENT FOR FIRST BASE, BUT
SHE HIT IT OUT OF THE PARK!"
>> Darwin: THAT'S IT!
ALL WE GOT TO DO IS MAKE IT LOOK
LIKE HE GOT KNOCKED OUT BY A
GIRL.
>> Gumball: OH, I LOVE IT WHEN
YOU'RE EVIL.
>> Darwin: THIS IS ME AT MY MOST
EVIL.
>> Gumball: DO YOUR EVIL LAUGH.
>> Darwin: [ LAUGHS EVILLY ]
>> Gumball: OKAY, LET'S GET ON
WITH IT.
AH! PERFECT!
THE PLAYGROUND IS FULL OF GIRLS.
>> Darwin: HOW ARE WE GONNA GET
HIM DOWN THERE WITHOUT THE
TEACHERS NOTICING?
>> Gumball: WE NEED SOMETHING
CUNNING, SOMETHING CLEVER,
SOMETHING SUBTLE.
[ CLONG! ]
>> [ GROANS ]
>> Gumball: YEAH, SOMETHING LIKE
THAT.
CLAYTON, YOU FIND A GIRL -- ANY
GIRL!
WE'LL MEET YOU DOWN AT THE
PLAYGROUND.
[ Chuckling ] HI.
HOW'S IT GOING? HEY. HELLO.
[ CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY ]
>> [ GRUNTING ]
YOU ARE GONNA GET IT!
[ GRUNTS ]
YOU ARE SO GONNA GET IT!
>> Gumball: What did you bring
Jamie for?!
>> You said "any girl."
>> Darwin: WELL, AT LEAST PEOPLE
WILL BELIEVE SHE KNOCKED TOBIAS
OUT.
>> Gumball: AAH! HE'S WAKING UP!
JUST GET HER IN POSITION!
>> WAIT. THIS IS LYING.
YOU CAN'T JUST FRAME JAMIE FOR
KNOCKING OUT TOBIAS.
>> WHAT?!
YOU WERE GONNA FRAME ME FOR
KNOCKING OUT TOBIAS?
>> WHAT?!
YOU GUYS KNOCKED ME OUT AND WERE
GONNA FRAME JAMIE?
>> WHAT?!
YOU KNOCKED OUT ONE STUDENT AND
WERE GONNA BLAME ANOTHER?
[ BOTH INHALE DEEPLY ]
[ BOTH GRUNTING ]